Today, I swapped my laptop's harddrive for and solid state drive.

I'm happy to anounce that my laptop today runs fast. I haven't been able to say this in forever.

It spans back to my first netbook with 2 GB of ram and basic minimal specs.
I could browse the internet initially. I wanted to play games on my tiny computer back then and it would almost always crash sometime midway at which I'd have to restart it.

I recall playing this game called thesus. 

Often, my browsing experience was very poor as I'd open ten tabs before I could'nt see the favicon anymore to realize which tab contained what.

Also by the time, I had the third or fourth tab open, the laptop would feel a little sluggish after which it'd eventually crash around the 9th or the 10th tab.

I presumed it was because of low ram.

I cursed and cursed being a victim of this low ram plague.

Fast forward another computer to the one I currently use today.

I began with a Acer 2GB ram netbook with HDD.

I had a Lenovo with 4GB of ram with HDD again.
I needed a better laptop. Such was my state, that I walked into best buy, asked for their laptop with highest ram and at the checkout counter maxed out all my credit cards and emptied whatever was left in my debit cards.

I realized that I was told one and sold another, but I had probably what was the highest ram in a laptop in that store that day.

On transitioning to a developer role, I got to play around with a souped up mac book pro. It had 1TB SSD and some insane ram. The experience i had with it blew me away. I was smitten also half convinced this is why apple was great.

Today, I realize that It's not just the ram that plays a major role.
The read and write speed also makes an insanely huge difference to what formulates an snappy experience on a computer.

Today, after opening up my primary machine, replacing the HDD with an SSD, installing windows on it and installing my basic dev environment gives me hope.

I had railed against Windows computers, been dissapointed with the ram that I was in possession of, always was I discontent. I wanted better experience.

Today, I'd like to say, it isn't just the ram that makes a difference in your experience. There are other portions that do play a massive role in the kind of experience we have.

Within my being and in my immediate vicinity, I notice people complain and complain throughout without realizing the true cause. I'm guilty of this too.

Often I'm unable to pinpoint the source or the true cause of the problem and yet I complain without reason. I realize that from the first time I got to play with a computer to now, its been over 10 years.

I got my first laptop when I was around 7th or 8th grade when I first began building websites.

I realize, today I might be complaining about something that I might not live to see corrected.

I complained about ram and a ton of stuff to only see them corrected ten years down the line.

What if I don't live to see my mistakes corrected ?

Also, today my laptop that I cussed at is beautiful. It is running faster than ever before.
